com.alienkrishn.repohelper.MainActivity
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$color: int colorAccent
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$color: int colorPrimary
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$color: int colorPrimaryDark
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$drawable: int bg_gradient
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$drawable: int btn_main_cta
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$drawable: int btn_tool_bg
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_background
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_foreground
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_foreground_1
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btnAddRepo
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_5luser
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_afrog
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_alienkrishn
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_androdos
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_android_sdk
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_androvirus
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_apkeditor
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_apktool
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_beef
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_bitb
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_blackhat
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_blutter
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_burpsuite
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_burpsuite_pro
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_byakugan
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_cctvip
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_cupp
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_darksploit
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_enctool
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_evilginx
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_frida
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_fscan
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_gophish
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_hashcat
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_hatcloud
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_holehe
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_hound
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_httpx
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_instajack
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_ip_changer
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_ipinfo
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_iplookup
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_john
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_katana
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_local2onion
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_locateme
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_maskme
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_metasploit
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_naabu
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_nethunter
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_nikto
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_nuclei
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_pandas
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_pandora
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_parrot
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_phoneinfo
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_powerdos
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_random_banner
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_redhawk
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_rkpairip
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_setoolkit
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_sherlock
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_shorturl
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_slowhttptest
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_snatcher
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_spider
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_spurt
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_sqlmap
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_sqlscan
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_subfinder
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_term_helper
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_termsploit
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_termux_ai
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_termux_desktop
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_termux_media_downloader
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_termux_penv
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_thc_hydra
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_the_theif
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_venom
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_webinfo
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_webserver
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_websploit
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_weeman
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int btn_zaproxy
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int menu_contact
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int menu_exit
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int menu_github
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int menu_tools
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int menu_youtube
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$id: int tvAbout
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$layout: int main
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$layout: int tools
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$menu: int main_menu
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher_round
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$string: int app_name
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$string: int hello_world
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$style: int AppTheme
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.R$style: int ToolButton
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.ToolsActivity
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.ToolsActivity: void onToolClick(android.view.View)
com.alienkrishn.repohelper.ToolsActivity: ToolsActivity()
